Clarify contributing readme (#609)
GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  - Each container image should build successfully (e.g. `docker build...`).
  - Each Terraform config should validate successfully (e.g. `terraform validate...`).
  - If there are any other simple smoke tests that can be performed, they should also be added here.
- If the sample relies on canonical image artifacts, these can be hosted officially, which requires:
  - Cloud Build configs for all container images that pushes to the `google-samples` artifact registry.
  [[Example](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples/blob/main/security/wi-secrets/cloudbuild.yaml)]
  - A Terraform resource for the above Cloud Build configs.
  [[Example](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples/blob/main/terraform/google-cloud-build-triggers.tf#L194-L207)]
    - Note that in order for the Cloud Build configs to be applied to the
      `google-samples` project, you need to run `terraform init && terraform apply`
      while in that project (a repository admin will do this for you). [[docs](/terraform/README.md)]
    - The images will be of the form `us-docker.pkg.dev/google-samples/containers/gke<image_name>:latest`

> If a PR modifies any existing files in the `terraform/` directory, these changes must be applied to the `google-samples` project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a pull-request modifies any existing files in the `terraform/` directory, these changes must be applied to the `google-samples` project
```

> once the PR is merged in. A repository admin will do this for you. [[docs](/terraform/README.md)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
once the pull-request is merged in. A repository admin will do this for you. [[docs](/terraform/README.md)]
```

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to rephrase "changes must be applied to" to something like to run the terraform plan on the project.
I also think we should automate this instead of requiring this action.

Author: The linked doc already describes this in more details, I wanted to avoid polluting this doc with duplicate details
